hello people I am again and
Although I have my delivery today
my first acrylic man silicone stamp
and I want you too
show it very quickly
this is my dremel that is now
came last week
and yes, the great part to drill and to
grind
that's really my time currently
pride and joy
yes ok then I first this
blocks so I even bought these
stamp on it can do and which have
Believe in Europe so I have struggles
total for these things 130 euros
paid exactly the blocks then need
I paint here from these
bought but then too late hello
after the order then only seen
that these are the wrong because
actually so stup brushes are like that
round
if someone here brushes please
Report there are such large brushes
I do not like to trade
Ok, let's start with the stamps
and then I show you the color
I bought those are all from viva
decor
this set
there this india
this one here
this is here i find that very quite
cool i'm so vintage and so on
post shows ours I'm also by the way
Klöckner has totally fans for the crown
totally cool happy has a dress of it
and the blouses are so cool
extravagant things spring time
I have only because of that
bought this bird and become this
sweet bunnies because the nordies eat
can already hare but have
So it does not bloom that cool
there are people on ebay stamped for
sell a euro
and I have now for this stamp 399th
paid great internet address kunstpark
is the name of the shop and amazon costs one
such a stamp four euro 50 as I said
at kunstpark only three euro 99
and I think that's cool too
Hall making scrapbooking I think
we know the stamp anyway
and then I have the right one
color purchased and it was called the color
would be great and that's just such a
title in the title therefore a swarm
Here you can see it very well that wise
that is a sponge
below that is the color and yes you
maybe also knows that this paper
often water-based koller knows one
certainly
We are welcome to leave my comment
Write if the really good ones are me
I have no idea I have just
bought it wild
In any case, I have it in fir green
I have it in the sun yellow in azure blue
Yes look stamped looks yes then
certainly different from violet show now
me there magenta sand dark grass green
crimson that is black white black
graffiti and that's caramel
yes and I think for the beginning
That's enough and that's it
I wish you all the best
hope you liked it